Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
A.I.Channel!
How was that just now?
I was thinking, if I add these scenes in between the videos...
I might be able to increase their quality!
It's eye catching, isn't it? EYE CATCH!
That being said, for today, I'm going to try to use 'Eye Catch'!
(Scenes used before and after an advertising break)
Well then, let's give it a try!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I!
Channel!
Bah!
A.I.Channel!
A.I.Channelllllllllll!!
♩ A.I.Channellllllll! ♩
A.I.Channel!
Hehe... ha...hA.I.Channel...heh...
A.I.Channel
A.I.Channel~
A.I.Channel!
*sniffs* A.I.Channel....
Uguuu...! *In baby noises* A.I.Channel!
A.I.CHANNELLLLLLL!
AAAAAAAAA.I.CHANNEL!
Transmission!
How was that? Were there any that got your attention?
I look forward to using these scenes starting from now on!
That's all! This has been Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you next time!
*Text* Next time...
Next time on A.I.Channel!
Kizuna Ai, who got a tuna model as a gift...
Intends to dissect it...
But... wait!
She doesn't have the essential cooking knife?!
Will she be able to do the video for her "Tuna Dissection Show"?
Next time on A.I.Channel: Not being able to do the 'Tuna Dissection Show'!
Look forward to it!
Translated by Thatsillogical and Vortex